# CS-320
SNHU CS-320 Software Test Automation & QA

#  How can I ensure that my code, program, or software is functional and secure?
Producing code that is functional and secure requires dedication and a commitment to excellence. The first step in this endeavor is following best coding practices. This includes writing code that is maintainable, efficient and well-documented. It is also helpful to add comments when necessary and to format the code in such a way that makes it easy for others to read. In addition, implementing continuous integration and continuous deployment (CI/CD) helps to identify issues early on and also ensures that every change in the code is tested and verified before it is deployed. Finally, using static and dynamic testing tools as well as staying up to date on security threats helps to ensure that the codebase isn't able to be exploited. 

# How do I interpret user needs and incorporate them into a program?
When creating a program, meeting the needs of the user is inherently important. Effectively interpreting these needs and turning them into a program that successfully meets them is the ultimate goal of most projects. Actively engaging with potential users is a great way to gather information that can be utilized to interpret user needs. This can be done through interviews, surveys, focus groups, or user observation. This information can then be used to create user personas and user stories that will help to define the functionality of the system. Once information has been gathered and user needs have been interpreted, it is important to priotize features. Isolating the features that are a must have, versus should haves or could haves will help decide where focus should be applied. Once a direction is decided, prototyping can begin. This will give the user an idea of what the end product will look like and will help to validate the direction that has been decided. Finally, development can begin. Utilizing agile development strategies will allow for flexibility, customer feedback, and an iterative development process. This provides and environment that enables continuous improvements based on the feedback provided by users.

# How do I approach designing software?
My approach to designing software incorporates most of the information provided in the previous question. As I am not currently a software developer, I am only able to go off of what I have learned in my classes so far. Accurately understanding the problem that the program is intending to provide a solution to as well as customer needs allows the project to decide a direction. Other than defining software requirements, choosing the right technology stack and designing the overall structure of the software provide the details that allow development to begin. Testing continuously throughout development and accounting for security from the very beginning of development are also critical to a successful project.
